add iCue (#513)
SteamDatabase/FileDetectionRuleSets: descriptions/SDK.iCue.md

> 
> 
> [**CORSAIR iCUE**](https://www.corsair.com/us/en/s/icue-dev) game integrations allow developers to bring games to life like never before. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**CORSAIR iCUE**](https://www.corsair.com/us/en/s/icue-dev) allows games to control rgb lighting of Corsair peripherals.
```
Should be a bit clearer on its purpose (tho feel free to modify it a bit, i'm not a fan of my suggestion)
